We saw kind of what a low level language was. Now as we move away from the CPU, and we go higher up the
curve,
we get into what's known as a "higher level language" and with high level languages, you tend to worry
less about the actual hardware.
And yes, I understand you get a whole lot of people out there that say "Listen, although it's easier
to write, it can be slower in running because it's not optimized for the CPU at the CPU level."
But I'll be honest with you, I haven't encountered any problems.
And in this day and age, compilers and transpilers are so incredibly powerful, and I'm going to be
telling you what these are.
So don't don't don't worry yet. But these programs that convert JavaScript into machine code are very powerful
and were written by very clever people.
So at the end of the day, high level languages are just a lot more efficient for programmers.
So the question you're probably asking now is "Well, where does JavaScript fit in?
Is it a low level language or a high level language?"
We'll wait for it.
It's a high level language, which is awesome and what makes it so incredibly powerful.
And now as we move on, just bear in mind when we write JavaScript code, we refer to this code as source
code, and the source code is also called a program, and the source code will eventually be translated
into machine code so it can run on a computer.
So we know this, we've been through it.
We know a machine can only understand 1's and naughts. So we know when we writing "text" as JavaScript,
you and I both know, that eventually has to go to zeros and ones.
What I'm trying to get across is that when I'm writing code, its "source code" and when I'm programming
or I'm coding, I'm just meaning the same thing.
I'm just meaning I'm writing code.
I'm writing words.